# Contacting Speakers
	- ## Codrin's Example
		- I am writing on behalf of TypeSig (https://typesig.pl), a student society at the University of Edinburgh dedicated to programming languages and theoretical computer science. We are organising TUPLE 2025 (Theory Union Programming Languages at Edinburgh), our annual one-day student conference, scheduled for Sunday, the 23rd of February. We would be honoured if you considered giving a talk at the event! We have been doing workshops on the implementation of programming languages and on dependent types. Our maths members are interested in Lean, but the computer science students focus on Agda and Idris. A few of us, including myself, are working on final-year projects in Idris. Therefore, a talk from you would be very interesting!
		- Our members range from eager undergraduates to Master's and PhD students. Therefore, we would kindly ask that your talk begins with a brief introduction or overview of the topic before delving deeper. The topic itself and the format of the talk are up to you.
		- If you decide to join us as a speaker, we are happy to fully cover your travel expenses. You will also receive a complimentary conference registration with access to all talks, together with lunch, coffee and snacks. While we are unable to cover overnight accommodation, the conference will finish in the early evening, allowing for both morning and evening travel.
		- Last year’s conference was a success, with over 100 attendees. You can find more details and photos here: https://typesig.pl/tuple/. This year, we want to expand by adding talks in theory fields together with the ones on programming languages. By participating, you will also gain access to talks from both tracks.
		- Please let us know if you have any questions or require further details. We would be delighted to have you join our conference!
	- ## Daniel's Adaptation 
	  Focused for TypeSIG talk, more than tuple
		- Hello, I am excited to meet you at the presentations this Friday! Fo r this message however I am writing on behalf of TypeSig (https://typesig.pl), a student society at the University of Edinburgh dedicated to programming languages and theoretical computer science. We were wondering if you would like to give a talk to our society at some point this semester?
		- Our members range from eager undergraduates to Master's and PhD students. Therefore, we would kindly ask that your talk begins with a brief introduction or overview of the topic before delving deeper. The topic itself and the format of the talk are up to you.
		- Alternatively, we are also organising TUPLE 2025 (Theory Union Programming Languages at Edinburgh), our annual one-day student conference, scheduled for Sunday, the 23rd of February. We would be delighted if you considered giving a talk at the event
		- You will also receive a complimentary conference registration with access to all talks, together with lunch, coffee and snacks. Last year’s conference was a success, with over 100 attendees. You can find more details and photos here: https://typesig.pl/tuple/. This year, we want to expand by adding talks in theory fields together with the ones on programming languages. By participating, you will also gain access to talks from both tracks.
		- Please let me know if you have any questions or require further details.
-